Protocol and tools sections layout (#8)
AshAvalanche/ash-docs: docs/protocol/ash-for-node-operators/overview.md

---
sidebar_label: Overview
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Ash for Node Operators - Overview

Node operators can **apply to operate Ash nodes** and **validate Subnets** for the protocol.

If a node operator is elected by the DAO, its nodes will be allowed to **join the [Ash Subnet](../ash-subnet/overview)**.

AVAX and Subnet native tokens **from the community pool** are staked on Ash node operator’s nodes. Revenues generated from these nodes are redistributed to the Ash community, and **node operators are rewarded**.

:::info

> Node operators can take advantage of [Ash tools](../../tools) to boost their productivity and harden their infrastructure.

Reviewer: I'm not sure "harden" can be used figuratively...

```suggestion
Node operators can take advantage of [Ash tools](../../tools) to boost their productivity and make their infrastructure more robust.
```
